settings. added shell override and user-settings (#485)
NethServer/docs: administrator-manual/en/base_system2.rst

The settings page also includes a panel to let users change their password, including the root user.

Shell policy
^^^^^^^^^^^^

This setting can be used to enable or disable the shell Bash that is needed to use the cockpit server manager

> and the SSH service. You can override the shell of all users if this option is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the SSH service. If this option is enabled the user's shell setting under the :guilabel:`Users and Groups` page is ignored and it is considered always enabled.
```

Author: Thanks

The settings page also includes a panel to let users change their password, including the root user.

Shell policy
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This setting can be used to enable or disable the shell Bash that is needed to use new Server Manager

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This setting can be used to enable or disable the shell that is needed to use new Server Manager
```

> This setting can be used to enable or disable the shell Bash that is needed to use the cockpit server manager

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This setting can be used to enable or disable the shell Bash that is needed to use new Server Manager
```

and the SSH service. If this option is enabled the user's shell setting under the :guilabel:`Users and Groups` page is ignored
and it is considered always enabled.

User settings page
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> With this setting users can change their password and other settings on a web page outside

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the :guilabel:`Enable user settings page` options is enabled, users can change their password and other settings on a web page outside
```
